In the previous lecture, we have created the
the order processing service eclipse java project in
this one we will add the mockito
dependencies to this java project by
downloading them from the internet so
that we can start our unit testing in
the next few lectures. So launch your
webbrowser and search for mockito
download will take
you to the search results where-in click
on the first thing which says download
mockito from google code there you go
download the all jar source and javadocs
the first option the current version of
mockito is 1.9.5 it comes with
the MIT license which allows you to use
and distribute mockito for free click on
that link download that the zip file click
on this download button again if you
download the mockito 1.9.5.zip
once thats complete double click on it
unzip the contents of it you go inside
the folder will see several other
folders as well as files the Jazz-info.txt
etc, going to the separate
jars it will be different jars which you
can include or you can simply grab that
mockito all 1.9.5 which will have all
the classes we need to test our java
code and it also has the java.doc which
i'll come back in later on lectures for
now select this mockito all jar
ctrl-C go back to your eclipse
right click on the project say new folder
give it a name lib for libraries hit finish
say ctrl-v so paste that  jar into this
lib folder then we'll add this jar to our
eclipse projects class path by
right-clicking on the project go to
properties
go to libraries add jars browse to the
lib folder under your project select the
mackito all 1.9.5 jar click ok and then
ok again so now we have the mockito
dependencies on our project we can use
mockito to write our junits.